Prepare release 0.53.0 (#1636)
packit-service/packit: CHANGELOG.md

# 0.53.0

- Packit now works with Bodhi 5 and Bodhi 6 authentication mechanism. (#1629)
- Git ref name that Packit works with during `propose-downstream` is now made more obvious in logs. (#1626)
- Packit now correctly handles creation of custom archives in root while a specfile is in a subdirectory. (#1622)

> - Creation of a Bodhi update will no more timeout. (#1612)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Creation of a Bodhi update will not timeout anymore as Packit is now using a more efficient way of obtaining the latest build in a release. (#1612)
```
a little more detailed wording :)
